You just learned about Spark DataFrames.
Next, you will learn how to read a DataFrame from a Kafka source.
To construct a Kafka stream,
you first provide a broker name,
then you choose a topic.
Last, you should indicate if you want earliest or latest messages.
Earliest means you would like to read your messages starting with the oldest ones.
Latest means you'd like to read the most recent messages first.
This option doesn't read the older messages,
just those from the time the stream starts going forward.
Here's a Spark streaming application using a Kafka stream as a source.
Our source DataFrame, in this example called KafkaRawStreamingDF,
is created by reading from a read stream.
We chain the option function to provide multiple connection parameters.
The first parameter we pass is the kafka.bootstrap.servers parameter.
This is our broker.
The next parameter we pass is the subscribe parameter.
This is the topic.
The last parameter we send is the startingOffsets parameter.
This tells Kafka we want messages starting at
the earliest message it received for the topic.
Keep in mind that messages do expire eventually.
Earliest is actually the earliest message Kafka still remembers.
In a Kafka configuration,
a broker is the server to which requests from external systems can be addressed.
Also, the central processing component of a Kafka cluster.
In a Kafka configuration,
a topic is a channel of communication,
often representing similar or related data,
sometimes called the mailbox.
In a Kafka configuration,
the offset is a value which determines the mode of consumption of a topic.
Earliest starts at the oldest message,
latest starts at the newest message.
Have you ever known someone who can intelligently discuss just about anything?
It doesn't seem to matter what the conversation is about,
they just happen to know something about it.
Kafka has a similar quality.
It can describe details about dozens or hundreds of topics.
Each topic can come from one to many other data sources.
You just learned how to read from a Kafka source.
Next, we will discuss Kafka keys and Kafka values.
Every message you read from Kafka has two fields.
The key column is like the primary key for a database table,
and is often a unique identifier.
The value column contains the bulk of the data being transmitted.
By default, the Kafka key and value are in binary format.
You just learned about Kafka keys and values.
Next, you will learn how to cast data using data types.
Just as in a relational database,
Spark streaming DataFrame support typed data.
Since Kafka messages are binary by default,
in this example we have binary for a person's name, Peyton.
You want to cast them as strings using the cast function inside of the select expression.
You will do this using
the select expression function on the DataFrame containing binary data.
In this example, you see the result which is Peyton.